c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\DemoTT.exe.config
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\DemoTT.exe
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\DemoTT.pdb
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\DemoTT.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\DemoTT.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT.g.resources
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT.exe
c:\Users\KowalskiP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DemoTaxi\DemoTT\obj\Debug\DemoTT.pdb
